# CapstoneProjectStage2
Udacity Final Project Law Assistant
Law Assistant helps Lawyers/Solicitors to build case files. Lawyers need to do allot of research in order to build a case they need to find old cases and their rulings to pursue the case further. CaseLaws helps Lawyers to see the previous cases of same genre and then build the case accordingly. For this search Lawyers need to go through a long list of books and digest to find out previous cases regarding the issue.
Law assistant will help lawyers to search CaseLaws by “KEYWORDS” and can get them in range of particular dates. In real life scenario if a lawyer needs to find out old case laws from year 2000 to 2018 he will have to go through all the digests and find out the perfect match for the case.
Law assistant takes 3 parameters , that are a KEYWORD, DATE FROM and DATE TO. It searches through internet to find out all the relative case Laws and presents them in date order. It shows items by their titles, case Lawyers and jurisdiction. Upon selecting any case item user will be able to see the details of the case along with the case judgments. 
Good thing about Law assistant is , it's easy to use so even a person with no Law background can search for caseLaws to get information.
Lawyers will have to add profiles along with their locations that can then be used to see the nearby lawyers. In case they would want to get in touch or would like to know about the lawyers near them. This feature is also beneficial for the non-professionals as they will be able to see the nearby lawyers to connect with.
